# CS330
SNHU CS330 - Comp Graphics &amp; Visualization

All of the skills in this class were new to me, and definitely challenging. That said as the weeks went on I became very proficient at setting up the libraries quickly, and found my comfort grew with building pyramids and cubes. My sphere and torus were definitely another story, and took a lot longer to figure out and manipulate. My design process was all over those place with these projects. I often found that decisions I had made in previous weeks, hindered future elements I was trying to add, and I found it easier to just start from scratch. I’m not saying this was absolutely necessary or the best course of action, but it usually did help me feel like I had a fresh canvas to work with. I found error handling to be harder in openGL than it has been for me in previous classes. I rely heavily on inserting print statements to detect failures, and that did not have quite the same affect in openGL, leading me to attempt a lot of trial and error but not necessarily always knowing what I learned from each trial. I really appreciate that each milestone moved us through requirements of the final project. Having a clearly laid out plan with ‘manageable’ chunks to work on is a strategy I use in all aspects of my life, particularly work and school. I would say my approach to coding definitely evolved through this course. Before, I really loathed including detailed code comments. They had always felt like a waste of time, as I felt your code should speak for itself. With a project this big, and for me, this complicated, I found myself relying heavily on my code comments to get the bigger picture of how everything was working together to create my scene. These were all new skills for me, and I will definitely take my C++ practice along with me in my future coursework, the actual graphics part may not be a huge focus for me at this time.  
